[docs] Include and explain value type change in migration guide (#16226)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/typescript/typescript.md

Not every component fully supports any component type you pass in. If you encounter a
component that rejects its `component` props in TypeScript please open an issue.
There is an ongoing effort to fix this by making component props generic.

## Handling `value` and event handlers

Many components concerned with user input offer a `value` prop or event handlers
which include the current `value`. In most situations that `value` is only handled

> within React which allows it be of any type like objects or arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within React which allows it be of any type, such as objects or arrays.
```

However, that type cannot be verified at compile time in situations where it depends

> on the components children e.g. for `Select` or `RadioGroup`. This means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the component's children e.g. for `Select` or `RadioGroup`. This means that
```

> the soundest option is to type it as `unknown` and let the developer decide

Reviewer 2: Should we do the same for the Slider?
https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/e499a0e93f04628724332d42c8156232786cc569/docs/src/pages/components/slider/ContinuousSlider.tsx#L19

Author: I'll take a look but I don't think so. As long as the type only depends on the props of a single components is fine. It's only problematic if the type is passed to children/parents because typescript can't check those relationships.
